Kong Cloud update (#1674)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/1.3-x/kong-cloud.md

---
title: Kong Cloud
toc: true
---

# Kong Cloud Overview

> Kong Cloud is our managed Kong Enterprise offering, based on the proven Kong Enterprise Gateway (Kong API Gateway). Fully automated, forget about scaling, data persistence, high availability configurations, and failure recovery. [Start a free trial](https://konghq.com/products/kong-enterprise/free-trial) today and end your operational worries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kong Cloud is our managed Kong Enterprise offering, based on the proven Kong Enterprise Gateway (Kong API Gateway). Kong Inc. handles all infrastructure concerns such as updates, scaling, data persistence, secure subnet configuration, high availability, and disaster recovery. [Start a free trial](https://konghq.com/products/kong-enterprise/free-trial) today and end your operational worries.
```

# Kong Cloud  differences from on-premise

> Kong Cloud, while being our hosted Kong Enterprise solution, has a few key differences from a self-hosted, on-premise Kong Enterprise cluster.

Reviewer: Would avoid "self-hosted" and "our" in the same sentence, and avoid "on-premise" as a distinction from Cloud in the same sentence. 

```suggestion
Despite simply being a managed deployment of Kong Enterprise, Kong Cloud has a few key differences from a customer-hosted Kong Enterprise deployment.
```

## Security

> By default, RBAC is enabled on both the Kong Manager and Kong Gateway Admin API to prevent unauthorized access to your Kong Enterprise cluster.

Reviewer: For consistency, Kong Manager has no article. The Admin API should be distinct from the Gateway, and also clearly identified as the Enterprise version.

```suggestion
By default, RBAC is enabled on both Kong Manager and the Kong Enterprise Admin API to prevent unauthorized access to your Kong Enterprise cluster.
```

> A root account named **kong_admin** will be created and provisioned on sign up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A root account named **kong_admin** is created and provisioned on sign up.
```

## Kong Manager

> In Kong Manager, some parts of the interface that aren’t relevant for a hosted setting due to being either irrelevant, ephemeral or inaccessible from outside of the private network are hidden or disabled. These include license details, database details, and cluster node details.

Reviewer: simplify sentence structure, disambiguate "these," consolidate redundancy.

```suggestion
In Kong Manager, some parts of the interface are hidden or disabled since they aren’t relevant for a hosted setting due to being irrelevant, ephemeral, or inaccessible from outside of the private network. These hidden parts include details about the license, database, and cluster node.
```

> Certain plugins and plugin fields are also disabled. See plugins section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain plugins and plugin fields are also disabled. See the plugins section below.
```

## Plugins
Not all plugins bundled with Kong Enterprise are available in Kong Cloud. 

### List of Unavailable Plugins on Kong Cloud

#### Logging Plugins

> Since Kong Cloud has its own Log API that customers can request access to which contains all logs necessary for customers to ingest and analyze the following plugins are unavailable:

Reviewer: break down and simplify

```suggestion
Customers can request access to Kong Cloud's own Log API, which contains all logs necessary for customers to ingest and analyze. The following plugins would be redundant, and as a result, they are unavailable:
```

* prometheus
* datadog
* file-log
* http-log
* kafka-log
* loggly
* statsd
* statsd-advanced
* syslog
* tcp-log
* udp-log

#### Serverless Plugins
The following plugins allow executing arbitrary code on the Kong Enterprise Gateway (Kong API Gateway) and are disabled to ensure a secure hosted environment:

* pre_function
* post_function

#### Other Plugins

> Plugins not categorized above which have been made unavailable for various reasons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are other plugins not categorized above, which are unavailable for the reasons specified:
```

> * request-size-limiting - Disabled for a potential memory exhaustion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* request-size-limiting - Disabled for potential memory exhaustion.
```

> * rate-limiting - Open source version only. Rate limiting advanced is available for use in its place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* rate-limiting - Only the open-source version is unavailable. Rate Limiting Advanced is available for use in its place.
```

* kubernetes-sidecar-injector - Kong Cloud does not run in a Kubernetes environment.

> zipkin

Reviewer: Why is Zipkin disabled?

```suggestion
* zipkin
```

#### Third-party / Custom Plugins

> Third-party and custom plugins are currently not supported on Kong Cloud. Any plugin deployed on Kong Cloud must first be thoroughly vetted for scalability, and security before being allowed to run in the hosted environment.

Reviewer: no serial comma for only 2 item

```suggestion
Third-party and custom plugins are currently not supported on Kong Cloud. Any plugin deployed on Kong Cloud must first be thoroughly vetted for scalability and security before being allowed to run in the hosted environment.
```

## Vitals

> Kong Cloud only displays vital metrics for the 5 minute timeframe.

Reviewer: hyphenate compound modifiers

```suggestion
Kong Cloud only displays vital metrics for the 5-minute timeframe.
```

Per-node statistics are disabled, only cluster-level metrics are available.

# Kong Cloud IP Addresses for Firewall Configuration

> All traffic from Kong Cloud originates from the following list of providers IP addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All traffic from Kong Cloud originates from the following list of providers' IP addresses:
```
